# Troubleshooting

## Computer not working

1. Check if the power cord is plugged in. It is a USB-C cable, so make sure it is plugged in all the way.

2. Check if the screen is on, because its hardware switch is based on how close a certain light is to a surface.

3. Hopefully the SD card is not corrupted (this will be indicated by the Pi trying to startup but failing or getting stuck). If it is, there will be a couple other SD cards in the vehicle we can use to swap out. Simply turn the Pi off and swap the SD cards.

## Data not updating

If data hasn't updated in a while try these things for the corresponding modules:

### **GPS**
- Check if the GPS is plugged in. It is a USB device, so make sure it is plugged in all the way. You may also want to hit the `Restart GPS` button but typically it's solved by unplugging and replugging the actual GPS USB module which is found hanging from the interior of the car above the passenger seat near the windshield.

- Check if the GPS is getting a signal. If it is not, you may need to move the car to a different location. The GPS is based on how many satellites it can see, so if it is not getting a signal, it may be because of the location. It is located in the top left corner of the vehicle by the front left passenger seat's window.

### **VPN**
- Check if the VPN is connected. If it is not, you may need to restart the VPN. This can be done by going to the last workspace and pressing the `Restart VPN` button.

### **BMS**
- Check if the BMS is connected. If it is not, you may need to restart the BMS. This can be done by going to the last workspace and pressing the `Restart BMS` button.
- A lot of the time though it's just the BMS being funky as usual and is typically solved by unplugging and replugging the USB for it which is found typically laying on the center console of the car (wind tunnel) between the driver and passenger.